LATEST SUGGESTIONS

card of consonance anime: to 0!!!
to be able to pin
Ojamaride, idk if it worth a hit, but I have quite a few bad memories of going again ABC/Ojama deck XP
Miracle Rupture: Foolish for Rock that give you a draw too, 1 or 2?
Xyz Treasure: MR4 hit that one hard, but I think it should still be at least 2, if not 1 since it can easilly be between a upstart and a pot of greed, if not more
Fusion Birth: the fusion being more and more generic, it is will work most of the time (ex: shadoll), and it fill the grave with stuff to use later, I'd says at 1
Topologic Gamble (anime), at 0
Ties of the Brethren (anime), low cost to summon 2 monster from the deck that can be immedialtly used as link fooder (or other kind of summon), at 0 or 1
Rank-up-magic Astral Force: Generic RUM that work on any Xyz monster to summon any xyz, I'd says at 2
Bonfire: Reinforcement of the army for FIRE, I'd  says at 2 since I don't recall a OP fire archetype, even if there is some good one like Fire King
Infernal Transaction: It summon a monster from opponent GY AND add a spell from the GY, so you can recover a copy of it, and keep summoning stuff from the opponent GY as long as he have stuff with 2000 atk (note: you can refill his grave by using the summoned monsters as fooder), so I'd says 1
Dark Corridor: idk if Dark World is still that relevant, but it is still a free search + summon in DW, so I'd says at 2
Legacy of a HERO (anime): condition easy to get for a draw 3, at 0 or 1
Summon Capture: You get to see and steal an opponent monster for no cost: 1 or 0?
Lightning Crash: free thunder search, but most thunder deck suck atm so not hit yet but keep on watch list
Remove Bomb: can be deadly used with Necroface/D.D. deck, maybe I'm overthinking, but I'd says 2
Doll hammer: Destroy a monster, trigger it and get draw 2 + 1 position change? 1 or 0
ballon party: well, free token with no restriction, 2
Pooch Party: sama as above
Pooch Party: sama as above Piris Reis Map: idk why but I feel that it can be dangerous, 0 atk monsters can have good effect, exemple: the lolies hand trap, so 1(modifié)
Xyz Gift: we are getting quite a few generic link, so getting 2 xyz out is not that hard as before, so I'd says 2 or 1
Palenque Sarcophagus: it need you to run chronomaly, but it is still a pot of greed... 2?
Junk Dealer the spell: summon back 2 warrior or machine monster from your GY and still able to use them as fooder, 2 or 1?
Refracting Prism: It can fill your field with copy of a monster you control, imagine going from 1 Firewall into 3 or more, so put at 1 if not 0
Brain Control (anime) it is more or less change of heart? 0 since change of heart is at 0
Magic Planter (anime) it is more abusable than its ocg counterpart since continous spell don't have to wait to be activated: so 2 I'd says
Tuning (anime): Search any tuner + mill the deck as a effect? I'd says 1, if not ban
Gagaga Emergency Network anime: Special summon any gagaga from deck? 2? or 1?
Fair Exchange: Who said Train can mill 30 of the opponent deck? put at 1
Ancient Gear Double Imitation: revive up to 2 AG for free? and is also searchable? to 1
Pendulum Halt (anime): to 1, having 3 pendulum in extra is not had, and not being able to pendulum summon this turn is not a big problem for some deck (who said Pmagician?)
Dual Colored Eyes: shall I really explain? to 1 or 0 Pendulum Card Burst: Pot of greed + can trigger some monster? to 0
Photon Veil (anime): Seriously? replace 3 light from your hand? for any 3 light from your deck to 0
Duel: It was not banned yet? to 0 forever!!!
card of consonance anime: to 0!!!
Ban DMOC (anime)
no HOPT, still goes to GY when die. clearly better than pre-errata version of it.(edited)
can potentially loop with spell that revive from gy like soul charge

main deck monsters I noticed:
Supremacy Sun (anime): Can Self revive at no cost, don't care where it was sent from, you can foolish/Discard it,
and you get a free monster also work when used as a extra deck summon material => 1 (?)
Giant Kra Corn: Can result in enormous atk gain => 2
Gandora X anime: opt costless field nuke + damage => 0/1?
Odd-eye Phantom dragon (anime): can do enormous effect damage, or give a big atk boost to a battling monster (OE have quite a few high atk pendulum) => 1/2?
Zeta Reticulant (anime): create 2 token when sent to gy from anywhere (can be discarded to generate 2 tokens) => 1
Road Raven Red Queen: Take control of all the opponent's monsters, that can be used as link material => 0
Drop Draco: Can result in big damage with Grass => 1
Garbage Lord: easy fooder for low cost => 1 Endless Decay: high atk monster, can be easilly revived from the GY , can be damaging with stuff like ectoplasmer => 0
Rose Shaman: unlike what is written in the cdb (BlameMLD), its effect is a Ignition and not a quick => can return to 3
Red Lotus King Flame Crime: costless Quick effect damage => 1
Battlewasp Twinbow the attacker: easy fooder for summon => 2 (maybe 1 later?)
Three-Eyes Ghost: Easy to revive with its type, can search any monster => 1
Thousand-Eyes Ghost: Easy to revive with its type, can summon any level 4- from deck monster => 0
Ojamachine yellow: create ton of fooder when summoned from any way => 0
Performapal return tantan: infinite spell activation => 0
infernity pawn: Draw lock with Foolish burial (anime) => 1



My thoughts on certain anime cards.
(Again) - Future Fusion (anime): worst counterpart of pre errata Future Fusion Ban
- Starving Venom Fusion Dragon (anime): Very Powerful but still somewhat can be countered by Bounce/Banish/Shuffle etc. Limit 
- Greedy Venom Fusion Dragon (anime): Archetype limited card. Combine with Scorpio which will get limited in Next OCG Banlist, I don't see any reason to hit this. Unlimit 
- Golden Castle of Stormberg: Your opponent must pay the cost by massive milling. The card itself cannot be destroyed by card effects. Probably ban worthly. Ban 
- SK Dragon Clear Wing (anime): Very abusive and powerful effect compared to irl. Ban 
- SK Dragon Dark Rebellion (anime): It targets but it pack with very good recovery. But since Clear Wing is going to be banned anyway, it could be either 1 or 3. Limit or No hit
- SK Dragon Starving Venom (anime): worse than IRL. No hit


I suggests for jail free/semi-limited of Phantasma if effect changed to this

When there is a monster in your Pendulum Zone and an "Odd-Eyes" in your Extra Deck, you can Pendulum Summon this card regardless of your Pendulum Scales.
If this card attacks an opponent's monster, during damage calculation:
You can make that opponent's monster lose 1000 ATK for each face-up Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck, during that damage calculation only.

Larry126 - Ω - 02/24/2018
{Multiply Anime} for... well just read the effect I suppose


Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite (Anime)



---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


AlphaKretin - 01/28/2018
Duel Mode cards like Boss Duel should not be banned, they shouldn't be considered the same thing as anime cards.
Since Edo is preparing duel modes for them, let them be handled that way and remove them as cards you can add to deck edit maybe.

Not every Timelord should be in the same place.
Some, like the one that does half LP damage, should maybe be banned.
Others are almost identical to their IRL counterpart and should be unlimited (or even considered for removal?).
The anime 513 ones are also weaker because you need a specific trap to summon them without Tribute, and should be considered for lighter restrictions.

Timelords:
Sandaion TF6 - Free 4k beater (admittedly does no battle damage) that does 2k burn when it attacks. 4 turns of this shaving off your LP seems pretty potent, could see a limit or other hit.
Halion TF6 - Burns your LP until its as low as yours. Requires you to be losing, can be safely unlimited IMO.
Raphion TF6  - Volcasaurus, can be safely unlimited.
Gabrion TF6 - Shuffles 1 target into deck. Worse than OCG Kamion, safely unlimit.
Kamion TF6 - Almost identical to OCG, safely unlimit.
Zaphion TF6 - Ditto
Michion TF6 - Half opponent's LP. Kind of a potent effect to get for free, could see a limit or something.
Lazion TF6 - Similar to OCG, would say safely unlimit. Only worry is it's kinda Trickstar Lycoris but ehh
Sadion TF6 - Almost identical to OCG, safely unlimit

Sandaion Anime - 4k burn and deals damage with 4k body, a direct attack is a one hit kill, and while you can't normal summon anime timelords you can special summon them by any method. Probably ban?
Zaphion Anime - Floats into Anime Card of Demise. Ban.
Metaion Anime - Similar to OCG besides summoning con, probably safe to unlimit.
Kamion Anime - Spins whole board and burns, probably worth a hit though not sure what level exactly.
Lazion Anime - Also spins whole board but with no burn, maybe hit but not as much as kamion.
Halion Anime - Works if you're winning, but it still feels kind of niche and unreliable, not sure it needs to be hit.
Gabrion Anime - Spins entire board, including backrow this time. See Lazion?
Sadion Anime - See Metaion
Michion Anime - See TF6
Raphion Anime - See TF6


